[Music]
father
hey guys Ryan and Greg here for another
video on American Horror Story
apocalypse is time now to break down and
review all of season 8 yes we're gonna
go over the good the bad our favorite
moments and we're gonna rank this season
with other seasons in the past it's not
the best it's up there
as always guys make sure you subscribe
to the channel because we're gonna go
back and re-watch past seasons of
American Horror Story that's right we're
gonna cover asylum freak show Hotel and
Roanoke also if you haven't picked up
one of these stuti shirts yet well
here's another chance for the holiday
weekend we're gonna give you 25% off use
the code Black Friday starting on
Thanksgiving at 9 p.m. Pacific until
November 27th at 12 a.m. Pacific you
could pick up any universe logo t-shirts
and III designs as well thank you guys
so much for the support first guys Greg
and I owe you guys an apology we're not
perfect we got a few things wrong and
some of these breakdowns but thank you
guys for calling us out
first up myrtle didn't kill Jeff and me
she said she wanted to kill Jeff and
mutt in the season finale but she
couldn't because obviously they had to
go through with the plan in order to get
the witches into the outpost yes so she
put a spell on him to wipe the memory or
something but that's it nothing suppose
I must get to the most unpleasant part
of my visit what's that the part where I
have to leave before killing you both
also you need those guys alive because
she can't just kill them off you need
them for the rest of the plan to go
forward right they're making sure
certain people get into certain outposts
yeah I think I said numerous times that
there was a protection spell over the
witches in the Louisiana swamps after
the apocalypse had had taken place
now you guys called me out you know the
Louisiana swamps and the ground in the
soil there has so many nutrients that
can basically bring someone back to life
so the I think that they what we what we
feel is that they buried themselves
alive yes when the bombs are going off
and you know I think it was a year a
little bit over a year or two they they
rose back from the dead yeah then they
went I'll go with that
went went outpost three okay this is
also this also wipes out the theory that
we thought maybe it had something to do
with Halloween they can come back their
souls can be risen for one day right
yeah that's out of the question
all we know is that the soil down in New
Orleans mm-hmm is very very rich to
bring back life and then finally the
1987 film Anastasia is a Fox property
don don bluth animation fox animation
not disney not does not well technically
greg i'm sure we got a few other things
wrong but you know we appreciate you
guys kind of helping us yeah understand
all the little details that are going on
and this show can be easily
misinterpreted so thank you guys for you
know the eagle-eyed viewers that we have
out there it's all good scream at us hit
us up on twitter last know if we got
something wrong it's all good okay let's
go over what we liked let's start off
with just the fact that they crossed
over for the first time ever we've only
got a season where two seasons actually
crossover yeah after so much time of
Ryan Murphy teasing us and telling us
that they're all in the same world I
loved it
yeah thought it was a really a fun way
to bring all the different worlds and
all the different seasons that we've
watched before into one season and I
think that that the pinnacle of that was
the return to Murder House episode when
we actually get to go back to the house
and and see a bunch of the spirits that
are there and then get the coven which
is there and just see those worlds kind
of collide I think it was everything
that we we dreamed of when we when we
heard that this the season was gonna
have a crossover it's so good I'm
thinking like that would have been
Murder House would have been one of the
most perfect season premieres if they
had used that as a jumping-off point for
the season to start but regardless it
was just one of the the most standout
moments of the season were the new
owners who are you I'm Constance Langdon
and this is my house not only the return
to Murder House but I just love the
return to humor him camp this season by
Gary - last season where Colton was damn
light a little intense last season right
yes miss season for a second you thought
it was gonna be just as intense with the
bomb the first 15 minutes are like oh no
I don't know if I can take this then
right from there when you get inside the
outpost it is just line after line and
it's [ __ ] it's fun I loved it
on top of that it was really cool to see
the world building you know the the
witches and the warlocks and the
Hawthorn school and kind of get some
background into this whole dynamic and
the power struggle between these two for
that's been going on for years and years
honestly next to return to Murder House
is my favorite episode easily number two
and I have a feeling a lot of people are
gonna love this - is could it be Satan
yeah that is easily the second best
episode of the season my opinion yeah
did you say this was a boy as in male
Ariel you actually believe this yeah
you're totally right and before this we
had only watched you know we'd seen
coven so we knew the witches side and
then to get a little bit of you know a
background on the warlocks I know we saw
Quentin in the coven season who was one
of the warlocks of his on the witches
council in the coven season I know
that's a little bit confusing right
there but we now we get some background
into like the the male perspective in
that yeah and in what's been going on
and then to then add this the Antichrist
and the prophecy of the Alpha there's a
really cool integration into into
different types of mythology they can go
some with this in the future hopefully
now it's like about the stand out or
most valuable performance of the entire
season and I think this one's a
no-brainer
of course it it has to be cool
no Greg it's not Stu it was Kody fern
who played Michael Langdon you know we
learned about Michael Langdon back in
Murder House at the very end of Murder
House and then to see him become this
manchild let's say with these intense
enormous powers Kody fern has played it
played at them remarkable he's got to
stick around this franchise I'm sorry I
can't get enough with Kody fern on this
show he's becoming he's slowly growing
in the Ryan Murphy you know but what are
we gonna call that he's in a Versace
right now and I really hope that Kody
fern comes back for Season nine ten Oh
however far they don't think there's a
good chance he will and we're gonna talk
about it later on because there is a
Instagram from Ryan Murphy you know I
like the B on Murphy's Instagram and
there's a little bit of a hint that that
Cody fern might be best something in sub
Ryan Murphy and we're hoping it's
fingers crossed it's American Horror
Story when I've already won
you haven't won perhaps you haven't
noticed the state of the world it's
almost as bad as your dinner jacket but
at least the world can be saved I want
to shout out frances conroy for
everything I talked about earlier in the
show she really applies to all that no
and also on top of that fashion yeah I
mean if every look wasn't just as good
as the last look she's been wonderful
this season and I think she's probably
one of the most quotable characters that
we've seen even during the coven days as
well but in this show yeah I mean
everything's all the quick remarks that
she has about the warlocks everything
she hauled all the shade that she throws
we were just huge fans of what Conroy
has done with this character
sucks that she's she's she's dead though
she's dead again for now yeah again
until the next time they can write one
quick line she's back it's all day also
I want to give a shout out to Billy
Porter yeah as behold I'm sorry that was
again one of the reasons I love return
to Murder House so much is because him
and Madison Montgomery together in a
room it worked
yeah I never would have thought that in
a million years but it's perfect and and
on top of all that Billy Porter has been
great and posed this season and if you
haven't seen that yet I also want to
give a little shout out to Kathy Bates
are one of our favorites who's each and
each season is just amazing and to play
she's like bringing the devil mama here
who turns into a robo devil mama she's
just just evil she's game for me any
family that still sticks into my head is
is that when she's laughing maniacally
when she's getting burned alive and
she's still smiling I cannot get that
out of my head I just think that Kathy
Bates she's she's one of the one of the
legends in the game so shot at the Kathy
Bates also Sarah Paulson of course
playing numerous roles of course
director as an actor and a director she
directed return to Murder House her
first time directing and she did a
phenomenal job you know she watched a
ton of she was in coven but she watched
a ton of it rewatched ton of it and you
could tell like we were immediately
brought back to that season in the
episode so shouts to Sarah Paulson for
her excellent job as always
this
okay let's go over what we didn't like
this season I have a feeling I know what
number one is for everyone let's talk
about the flashbacks yeah I think that
just the over reliance on the use of
flashback on how they told this story it
was a bit much you know episodes one
through three we're great you know set
us up in this outpost in this
post-apocalyptic world
Timothy ma Emily yeah and then we don't
hear from these characters until the end
of the season finale so from episodes
forts and four through nine we're just
kind of reliving what happened to get
all these characters here yeah and I I
kind of just wish that they they didn't
have that that's not how they structure
this story it took a huge halt but their
expects you to it takes your hand and
goes some keys Hey look at this look at
this look at this ignore that ignore
that right now we got no return to
Murder House ears
there's the rubber man here's everything
else Timothy and Emily all that crap put
it to the side but by the time we get
back to the current story in the season
finale like I'm not invested in the
characters that we met in the beginning
you know it's hard to yeah it's hard to
stay connected to that that whole that
whole plot because you know we haven't
been around it for so long so I just
think the use of the flashbacks I wish
it would have been a little bit toned
down or they could have the way they
edited the way they wrote this season a
little different but we'll talk about
that a little bit later another thing
that I wasn't a huge fan of is the
anti-climactic show up showdown between
Mallory and Michael at the end you know
they were posed as such these powerful
entities you know Michael being the
Antichrist and having his powers and the
Mallory you know they faced off very
quickly in the beginning of the season
and then they come down to the last last
episode and I mean an SUV a hit and run
with an SUV is what we take down the the
Antichrist with when we know like all
we've been told all season long is how
powerful they are I was just doing
getting get into a 4x4 and then you know
and then run them over I just say I
wasn't I wasn't happy with how mundane
the the showdown was after a season of
all of this magic in in and voodoo you
know I mean that's that was their point
for doing that and I understand why they
did it because they didn't want to have
that moment one technical issues here he
wanted to make a giant spectacle right
special effects everywhere for something
this is gonna take one second and to
again the running him over over and over
again it's just setting the point that
we don't give a [ __ ]
is that our show and we're gonna do
whatever we want yeah that was a there
rebellion against it I'm fine all right
let's talk about time travel I was okay
with it until the very end we knew it
was coming at some point yeah I had the
feeling in the back of my head the
second the bomb went off I'm thinking
okay they may have to go back and do a
little time travel here to fix this by
anything I did not expect for them to
really wreak on the entire season though
yeah you know the thing about time
travel is that it makes everything that
happened completely pointless everything
you watch everything you watch them you
invested your time in you know none of
those deaths on none of those those
character arcs right I mean people go
through transformations let's talk about
Madison Montgomery she goes through a
complete like you know turnaround in her
life and what she what she cares about
that's what's things the most about this
season yeah her yeah from that and her
whole arc and in the last second she's
still stuck in hell and that's the last
thing you hear about me I thought that
she may be redeemed herself that she may
be like turning a leaf but no then it
just turns out she's stuck in hell we're
gonna keep her down in hell a little bit
longer you know it's that that's Madison
that's not I just think time travel was
an easy way to get to write your way out
of out of anything well that's all time
travel is using just any work that's
torture I can tell you that too hey what
how do we get out of this problem
well no time travel before anybody met
uh yeah I would actually love it someone
put this season in order
chrono exactly that would be a fun watch
actually and see if it makes any sense
there's probably some holes in there
especially Timothy and Emily but that's
gonna be a little weird but I would love
if they can just fix this season and see
what happens in order like an Arrested
Development what they did for season
three yeah something like that
another thing that I didn't enjoy that
much was you know I was waiting for all
the witches to come back to resurrect
them bring them back from the personal
hell we get misty day back and she
doesn't do anything she just she's there
for like one white which performance is
the hang out and twirl in the in the in
the
living room but you know there's no
misty day in the final showdown you
should have left me where I was what why
that man you said to fetch me he gives
me the heebie-jeebies
I kind of agree but misty really hit the
check points for all the stuff fans
wanted for her you got her spin you got
her singing with you got the spin you
got her singing with the White Witch
Stevie Nicks that's really all they
wanted and that's it you even got to
sing with her back in Hell and Cody
saves her so I get that you get what you
want that's that's it they're giving you
nothing but the hits I do get that but
you know she plays such a big role in
coven she was you know she lost a very
significant character and they gave that
rule to Mallory and yeah you're right
you're right I just wish that kind of
she played a bigger role towards the end
there than just hey let's get her in
there for a union of sorts and then just
she's gone
speaking of short-lived reunions Marie
Laveau we got to have Angela Bassett
back for about what ten minutes if that
oh no it wasn't in 10 min yeah looks
like a minutes I would have loved to see
her a little bit involved a little bit
more the problem with all these
flashbacks and their reliance of the
time travel thing was that so much had
happened in that last like 30 minutes or
45 minutes that I don't think you could
give enough enough time to each person
yeah we talked about that bill the week
prior were like others if there's a
cameo it's gonna be quick and sure the
hell was dark it's that most corrupt
voodoo queen soul for mine you serve him
well he might lease next I can also do
without mutton Jeff sorry agreed the
haircuts and all and it was funny goofy
the first like five minutes you're with
them but then after that you're like
okay we're gonna have that's a bit too
much I didn't need to do that like that
whole and the way that it's so August
that they're manipulating Michael
Langdon
and that he is just you know I under at
it he's like a weak immature young boy
inside this powerful with his powerful
who but he doesn't know what to do with
the right now but the way that it was
just so like just so obvious that like
he shouldn't be manipulated in that way
by these two douchebags
the world is a raging [ __ ] and we
need to burn this [ __ ] to the
ground wipe the slate clean and start
over this time do it right and then on
top of it their motivations for wanting
to end the world
I mean pissed off a traffic pissed off
at someone dropping coffee on them I
mean that's all happened to all of us
and we're not destroying what we see
around us that's just it's just
ridiculous motivation and then finally
what about Mallory did you think that
she was an effective character to go off
against Michael Langdon only thing we
knew going in is okay now we're he's
probably gonna be the one to stop him
after episode what was it three yeah we
knew that
okay she's probably a witch or angel at
the time or something like that did she
ever get an episode dedicated to her
character though exactly I would love to
get a little more background on her and
see kind of develop her character as
someone that's not just following these
witch's orders and being told that she's
a you know has all these powers and hey
show off your butterfly trick show off
your deer trip you know it's just quick
let's get to know more about Mallory and
where she comes from she could get a
better idea of like what's at stake how
about some questions that were kind of
still left with after watching the
season there are quite a bit number one
we're speaking of Mallory you know what
is she who is she
is she a descended the supreme she's a
supreme you know now she is she more
than a Supreme is she an angel is she
descendant we know she's a descendant
from Salem supposedly is she descended
from like Scottish that we've seen in
Roanoke is she seems more powerful than
just a normal supreme I want to believe
that she's related to scabbit but we got
nothing on that one line on that would
have been cool nothing another question
we have do we have any idea who was in
the rubber man suit nope and since we
don't we can just go with tape Langdon
just keep taping the suit thing unless
they tell us otherwise I do remember
hearing reading
interview with with Cody fern and he's
talking about you know what Michael
Langdon can control he can kind of
control the demons Satan's demons and
that he can kind of you know push people
to make the horrible decisions like he
didn't kill he didn't kill gallant or he
didn't have gallant kill Evie he kind of
just pushed him into that area but okay
so who is the physical transfer
manifestation of rubber man we know it's
rubber suit we know it wasn't because I
got blamed in him so power he never had
the power to bring someone just like a
mirage or make a ghost or anything pop
which is weird which is weird to
included nets in that episode because
you know we saw Michael Lincoln as a
younger kid in the murder house wearing
the suit so it would lead to lead you to
believe that you know that was him in
that suit whose mourning numerous times
and [ __ ] tormented and killed people
with it
explain Michael explain also what's
going on the murder house I guess we can
assume that you know Tate and violet
they're not together it's their back to
the old days after everything was
reversed
you know Constance didn't die although I
do think that Constance probably would
have died in the murder house that she
could join the spirits there eventually
she just wouldn't have committed suicide
so soon she will eventually die in the
murder house to stay with her family and
all spirits there Moyer didn't get a
chance to meet with her mom and then go
off and get out the Murder House and
yeah Tate and violet not they have not
reconciled you know violet does not want
to talk to tape and does this ruin the
Tate Redemption arc that we had to I was
never in on the tape yeah okay I'm sorry
just going to Kate that updates a
horrible horrible entity a horrible
spirit I never was on Team Tate so let
that be known all right I'm for that not
even I could create something as
monstrous its evil as you you stay away
from me okay let's talk about Timothy
and Emily real quick what was going on
there what was their purpose and I do
mean this now looking back late was just
like a Rick and Morty episode and Rick
was right Murphy there's a little robot
what is my purpose you pass butter so
they're the devil's back-up plan that's
it
yeah but this still doesn't make any
sense online like the videos in his
shoes and he can just decide that two
normal people any two normal people
would then have the conceived the
offspring of his bond yeah I mean I get
it like under the logic under the logic
of what we learned in Murder House the
prophecy that we heard about the
Antichrist about a spirit and a human
conceiving the Antichrist when they're
inside the murder house a literal portal
into hell I get it yeah the Antichrist
should be born in that situation but two
people walking I don't even know where
they are Santa Monica Santa Monica
Boulevard has had a coffee shop and they
fall in love and give birth to the
Antichrist that so genes the special
genes oh so they're genetic 23andme said
hey you have a 99% chance of giving
birth to the Antichrist go ahead
have sex final question is the
apocalypse avoidable from what it looks
like it's never avoidable that it looks
like this constantly good and evil
always fighting always battling even
Mallory says that at the end it always
continued he'll never Satan will never
stop he you might get the better of him
one day but then he'll come right back
and you know okay find a new couple to
have his child do you see it do you see
a situation where Ryan Murphy uses the
apocalypse maybe comes back to the
apocalypse to once and for all end the
American Horror Story on FX run and then
you know it might change when he goes to
Netflix part of his Netflix deal but at
least for the FX run of ten seasons much
Jeff come back one more yeah I need a
lot of cocoa canes involved and then
finally by the apocalypse is just done I
don't know it just blows up the writers
room and down in Hollywood okay now
where is this season ranked the rest of
American Horror Story give me your top
five okay it's hard to rank these
seasons there are a lot of good ones
just there are some bad ones um number
five I have freakshow number four
apocalypse three coven to murder house
and number one is Asylum those are my
top five American Horror Story seasons
how about you okay alright for me number
five is cult as the years go on it's
gonna get better just like wine trust me
and then I'll slide it in apocalypse
mm-hmm and number four number three
Roanoke
because I mean that I'm sorry that
seasons just bonkers I loved it too
Kevin and then one Murder House guys let
us know your top five in the comments
below we'd love to see what you guys
think are the best and worst seasons of
American Horror Story so hit us up with
your top five in the comments below I
predict in the future years from now
when we talk about apocalypse mm
everyone's just gonna say that's the
Cody firm and that's the you know the
Antichrist season of the show and it
kind of reminds me her so like I'll drop
a drag race reference for everyone in
here if he is the violet chachki
this season it let me explain a little
bit Season seven is one of the best
seasons not the best it's not the best
season but you got so many favorite
characters in there and you also have so
many lines and memorable moments this is
what I think of
in apocalypse so many good lines and
when it comes to like drag race and
violet chachki you probably never heard
that name before you have never seen an
episode of drag race in your entire life
but you come across this gif or video
before City Roller all right as we wrap
this up let's talk about some very early
very premature predictions for the ninth
season of American Horror Story now we
know that FX has renewed a 9th and 10th
season of American Horror Story but we
have no idea what its gonna be about um
it'll probably most likely involve
horror involve horror mm-hmm be fun be
scary
be over-the-top these Center Paulson
will be there be funny and it'll
probably air around the fall of 2019
they like to do this every fall what do
you think when do you think it'll be set
do you think it'll be set in the future
didn't going to go back in time and more
period do you think it's gonna be in
space on you know where's where do you
see this go could be cool space could be
cool but they gotta have a great budget
because at the same time they stick them
in a bunch of just random rodents where
you just see the outside of space for
some [ __ ] I'm gonna go in the same it
happened my way the ages of shield
they're one season when they're in space
and just felt claustrophobic the entire
time I really feel they're gonna go back
back back back back back and go away
back piece and give us some nice
costumes I really feel they're just
gonna try to separate themselves a
little bit like they do almost every
season I've also read online that a lot
of people are into the idea of an alien
presence in the next season you can do
another crossover if you can put in
Cylon meat make this assignment to where
I was going with yeah asylum we know we
were introduced to some of the
extraterrestrials in asylum it would be
cool to kind of get that but in the u.s.
in our present world or you know in the
1950s 60s and the a live it may be like
I they live kind of thing where the
aliens come down the only a few people
realize what the hell is going on yeah
or maybe like a area51 thriller with
horror involved and government
government cover-ups remember Ryan
Murphy just think of the cat you got to
think okay he's got a hat you know what
I want this what I want over the
top over-the-top campy meets x-files
horror okay okay you know they could
just go forward with their Madison
behold story just do the spin-off there
would be amazing I would definitely
watch that they can follow aliens and
try night just try Madison and be whole
just go from haunted house the haunted
house and just try to communicate with
the spirits that's all I really want I
mean that would be incredible they just
go house hunting basically they just
like find good houses to flip for a
profit and they also just talk to the
spirits there and have like just hangout
sessions with them Congrats on your new
home please Ryan Murphy behold
Madison spin-off yes please and let's
leave you with this you know I like
going on Ryan Murphy's Instagram mhm and
Ryan Murphy posted this photo of three
familiar faces that you would recognize
from American Horror Story that is Cody
fern Darren Criss and Finn whit rock now
he said that he is quote cooking up
something good for these three I am just
fingers crossed that it is American
Horror Story because we've seen all
their faces on the road in our story
we'll watch crime as well but if its
horror story doesn't confirm that the
Antichrist is back but at least Cody
fern a new face from this year will be
back in doing a new role in in the show
I'm all for a dandy Mott is he coming
back as something - no of course not
Danny was messed up that's not happening
we're Sarah Paulsen is she gonna play
all these kids oh yeah same time so yeah
Paulsen Paulson and Evan Peters Paulson
and Evan Peters are Xuan's regardless
though they'll be heavily involved and I
expect her to definitely probably direct
another episode as well mm-hmm and maybe
even Peters wants to get behind the
camera but and Kathy Bates and Kathy
Bates will be back I mean hopefully I
love seeing Billy Porter
I love seeing all these faces year after
year and that's one of the great things
about this and seeing where these actors
take these characters and kind of create
their own spin on them you know it never
gets old
as one son but my sisters are the lgion
mother [ __ ] guys let us know any other
questions and hear the thoughts of what
you had on season 8 we look forward to
reading what you guys think and also
we're gonna go back and then start
recapping previous seasons are you ready
for this
starting with asylum I think we're gonna
start with jump into the xylem so any
ideas you guys have for asylum let us
know in the comments below also go check
out that stew shirt you know you need
something for the holidays hey Angie